---
# Table of Content

<!-- to be added later -->
---

# Introducing Buffer Finance 

## Short-term options trading platform

Buffer Finance is a non-custodial exotic options trading platform offering defined-risk and fast-paced trading over crypto and non-crypto markets (like forex, commodities, and indices).

Buffer moves beyond the traditional design of decentralized derivatives to focus on abstracting complexity from DeFi options and striking a balance between option buyers and sellers. With Buffer, DeFi-native traders can trade multiple assets completely on-chain with pre-defined outcomes and without the added complexity of liquidation, funding rates, or scam-wicks.

All trades are placed against the Buffer liquidity pool (BLP), allowing liquidity providers to earn a part of the platform fee organically generated by trading activity and esBFR token incentives for taking the counterparty risk.

## Gamification:
Buffer protocol can also be used by players who want to play for fun and win rewards by participating in our no-loss tournaments, where they can join by paying an entry fee and win prizes by competing with other tournament participants. The protocol will also host more performance-based competitive tournaments via trading leagues allowing the best traders to prove their ranks and take the trophy.

## The Future of Buffer Finance
We’re constantly working towards granting traders and LPs a net increase in trading volume and, consequently, liquidity incentivization. As the ecosystem grows, BLP and trading activity increases the volume benefits for Buffer participants will be compounding.

The Buffer Finance DAO plans to seek valuable partnerships while continuing to develop innovative decentralized derivatives solutions and new assets to incorporate within the protocol. Soon after launching, the DAO will be directly involved in approving projects for grants and listings while providing additional assistance for integration. As the project evolves, we will guide the protocol towards full decentralization and community governance (by BFR holders) and empower projects to list their tokens without any intervention by the Buffer Finance Team. The possibilities for expansion are limitless, and we expect many more use cases for Buffer that we have yet to discover.

# Quick Links
**For traders:** Buffer for traders; How to place trades; Protocol mechanism (Trading)
**For liquidity providers:** Buffer for LPs, How to Provide Liquidity, Protocol mechanism (Liquidity Pool)
**For Token holders:** Buffer for Token Holders, Tokenomics

